Qin Yongcheng I warn you
You'd better let me go
Otherwise my grandfather will not let you go.
I'm so scared
Ah, what are people?
If you provoke more
Believe it or not, I will kill you right now
Hey, don't say you're pretty, bitch.
No wonder Du Chen wants to marry you
Qinhuangcheng, you dare to touch our words
Mr. Du will never let you go.
Chou Tzu-yu
When I become the chairman of Xinghui Entertainment
I want you to kneel down and serve me, do you understand?
Let me go, Jesse
Get started now
It will be troublesome if someone comes later.
What are you afraid of?
Anyway, now the two women are in our hands
I don't believe he can turn the tables.
Du Chen is such a money-loving person
He won't give you shares.
That's perfect.
If he doesn't come
I just happened to do you two now
I brought you Qin Yongcheng's things.
Let me release the person.
Want me to let go
OK, kneel down.
Put your shares on me with both hands
Qin Yongcheng, you guys are breaking the law, do you know that?
Now he is in my hands.
I'm going to make it happen
Kneel down